[Music]
Let me show you how you configure your
team's cutting room reporter setup. For
this, you go into settings and then
reporter. Here you can create one or
more destinations that your team can
pick from in the app. There are two
types of destinations you can set up.
The first one is for recording and
uploading videos, either directly to
cutting room or to an external storage
if you prefer. This means that every
time you record a video, it will
automatically be sent to the selected
storage.
The second option is to connect to a
live destination, which allows you to
stream live directly from your iPhone.
To add a recording and upload
destination, click add new under the
recording and upload destinations
section. Then choose a name for your
destination. Choose something that makes
it easy to identify.
Next, select the video compression
technology by choosing the preferred
video format. Then, choose the storage
you want to connect to and specify the
folder where your videos will be saved.
After that, you can decide if the videos
being sent should include metadata. You
can choose XML, JSON, or no sidecar file
for your metadata.
A sidecar file is a separate file with
metadata like title, description, and
technical details. It's uploaded with
your media sharing the same file name
but with ajson orxml extension. If your
MAM reads from the storage, it can use
the sidecar file to automatically
populate metadata for users. Finally,
configure the video resolution, frame
rate, and allowed camera orientations.
You can choose to allow portrait,
landscape, or both orientations. To set
up an external storage destination, you
first need to configure it under storage
settings. If you're not sure how to do
that, there are instructional videos
available that show you how to connect
to a storage. Once that's done, go back
to the reporter settings and select your
external storage from the list. From
then on, every video you record in the
reporter app will follow the setup
you've chosen and automatically upload
to the selected storage destination.
If you want to stream live from your
iPhone, you'll need to configure a live
RTMP destination. If you're unsure how
to do this, watch the instructional
videos on connecting to live
destinations for additional guidance.
After your live destination is set up,
return to the reporter settings and
follow these steps. Click add new under
the live destination section. Then
choose a name for your destination.
Choose something that makes it easy to
identify.
Configure the video resolution, frame
rate, and allowed camera orientations.
Click on the ingest point to select the
correct live stream from the list. At
last, select the video bit rate and
audio bit rate to suit your streaming
requirements.
You can either start a live session in
cutting room within the live module
or start it directly in the reporter
app.
Once you have set up your destinations,
open the Reporter app on your iPhone. At
the top of the screen, you'll find a
drop- down menu where you can choose
between all the destinations you've
configured. Simply select the
destination you want to use, and you're
ready to either record or go live. If
you make changes to the setup, like
adding a new destination or updating the
video settings, it takes approximately
30 minutes for all the apps to update.
To speed up the process, you can update
the app by clicking the drop- down menu
and selecting update. But this is only
available if you have multiple
destinations available in the app.
Alternatively, you can kill the app and
open it again.
[Music]